Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true and wish that God would give us strength to know just
what to do then we could tear down the fences that fence us
alling fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence us all maybe we could walk together again
welcome to season 6 episode one Wednesday night bible studies at lady
Babylon this is f uh fantastic um we're growing tonight let me just introduce
this by saying get your gear ready tonight we're
gonna Mainline with Jesus yeah you heard me you you heard me
tonight on lady Babylon we are going to main line with
Jesus W you didn't know he was like that did you I'm gonna show you how to get
christed then I'm gonna introduce you to a vampire tonight on lady
Babylon [Music]
here we go here we go okay tonight before we push in I'm gonna start with a
couple of comments and I want to start by saying we we're always going to have a good and a bad I wanted to start by
saying uh Snappy thank you so much for letting me know that I needed to get you
the source people were not believing when I said media was the queen of
Babylon they looked at me funny so um we got the source
eventually um and sometimes I oh philostratus yeah almost see I almost
forgot him right there anywh who says that she's the queen of Babylon thank you Snappy for pushing on that that one
right those sources are good I'm I'm I'm giving your guys in religious studies
I'm giving them a hard time I'm bashing them around but you sir you sir are
attached to the sources and I I respect that I respect that tonight let's go to
the good comment to start with who who sent me something nice just please can I
just feel I want to feel good about myself this is humble thaner I like that
name Dr Ramen is Mary Magdalene to Jesus
as media is to Jason wow that's the most spectacular
question and I'm gonna answer it linguistically there is a 16th century
cryptologist who talks about the mdll being a cyan word that is
the equivalent of the Maga right not the MOs but the Maga this
is the one that came before did the witch come before the wizard yes it
turns out historically she did who else was going to figure out all that stuff
right took a lot of brains here we go here we go I want to bring you that Maga
that Maga is the medwa and that
medwa is in charge is in
Union with the yasus yeah so is there a relation
between them yeah these are all cult titles people we're going to read these things over and over again right wow
until we see it it's all there love it great question great question that's what happens when you stay in the cult
right it's what happens you get the you get the queen and the Christ isn't that
nice love it who do you think was supplying all the drugs
yeah wasn't Jesus yeah he knows how to make the
punch but he was getting it all from Mary the
Maga yeah yeah you can call her a prostitute
if you want to um but tonight since we're going to Mainline we're going to
Mainline with Jesus and I know some of you are sensitive about using terms like
that we're talking about historical mainlining we're going to find that
place where you can take that christed poison you can get it right into the
blood fantastic f fantastic you I mean I've got to give you the best stuff
that's why you're here I know your time is limited I'm stopping at 30 tonight I'm gonna stop myself so um let's get to
the let's get to the vampire that I'd like to bring you first let's wash oh we
need another com I forgot the bad we've had the good we have to have the bad okay throw up the
bad okay this is from Naruto another interesting experience
particularly unpleasant particularly unpleasant not just unpleasant it's
particularly unpleasant I expected at least at very
least something from Pho okay take it down take it down I cannot take this
person seriously anymore I can't no I'm gonna laugh I'm gonna laugh and it's
rude it's rude to do that but my
children in the world there are perpetrators with trench
coats and they will take you places and do things to you yeah yeah they that's what they do
that's it's their nature if I were the professional
conference in the middle of a bunch of classical philos ologist who had given
the sweat and blood and earned that
spot if I pulled out
Philo right away right away right you lose your credibility right away when
you do that Naruto you lose your credibility because Naruto there are
Bible studies there are studies of the Torah there are Bible studies there are
seminaries there are new testament departments and in these departments
Naruto there are no philologists
philologists are those who have reached the level of
expertise where they are expected to go to the international gymnasia and
wrestle that's what they're expected to do you cannot get by on what Bible
studies does for you it is a sinking
ship that has been barely floating for the last 1600
years yeah you see because there's a problem in the universe the problem is the classical
philologists are the professionals with the classical
Texs right you should be able to throw a classical philologist anything from Homer throw them a little bit of tacitus
little curveball there how about some juvenile can you slip in do you know how to do meter between both languages okay
those are the people that you consult what's weird in this universe
the Watchers still haven't figured it out but what's really weird
here is that those experts are experts in everything but the Bible and the
septu included when I say Bible yeah
yeah and do you know why let me just tell you as a former Prof
myself you do not want to risk the
engagement because a classical philologist I'm just telling you this tonight a classical
philologist can tear your BS apart because for
every second that you have read they have read
Millions it is their life they have devoted themselves to this Sacred
Space so when you pull out Pho that's what the seminarians do that's what the
religious schools do and look my children when
these people in trench coats come to you they're gonna open that trench
coat they're going to open it [Music] up with a big Seminary and smile on
their face they're going to show you the twins the twins Josephus and F
ILO and you're going to gag on those twins you're going to gag on
them what I recommend you do um because the people at the time
said hey you know that guy Josephus he's making up
sources right right that's a huge problem this all culminates people
please understand me why this is so important this all culminates in Julian the apostate we
call him Julian the apostate who made a
decree nobody can teach Classics who's an
atheist interesting interesting and why would that be Julian because they corrupt the
text it's their intention in establishing their own fake
history do you mean this is about power this is about power essentially about a
power grab oh yeah what do you think those humans do the the aren't you guys
the episcop boy aren't you the ones who are watching all of this go around oh
God let's hit some text let's purify here's the vampire I want to purify us
now with the vampire Chuck bring Chuck in Chuck Step [Music]
Up [Music]
and there we see Lady babon again um in form and in Beauty thank
thank you thank you Chuck I appreciate it everybody hand of a round of applause
for Chuck bodair gorgeous gorgeous let's bring in our first text I
want to take you so we can Mainline with Jesus are you ready are you ready let's go see Jesus mainlining I want to give
you the first tonight of our text um yep go ahead and pull that up I want to just
give you oh take it down real quick let me give him an intro while I'm talking sorry yes um
elen elen uh who's this person um to your Pho
see that's the thing you call up Pho I'm gonna call up elen and unfortunately for
you unfortunately for you who by the way whatever that guy's
name is I want to give him the kip the kip Award of courage to pull out
pho in a discussion of the logos is amazing and one you can take home you
can always take home everybody we can all take home that that little bit of
Zeno that little bit of Zeno who
said hos logos to
Cosmo God is the spermatic
logos of the organization
boom love it love it that's the real stuff you get that um it's a chronic and
that's what nus was trying to tell you last week AOS those of you with ears to hear I know you picked it up AOS love it
okay boom Let's uh bring up our first text of elen this oh bring it down again
forgot to introduce him properly um we're talking about you know a little bit after the time of Marcus
aelius um and elen comes into the picture and this guy is
educated educated educated and as a highly Highly Educated person his
proficiency with GRE is just phenomenal they called him you know the honey
tongue because his Greek was so good good for you good for you he's he's adzing a
little bit here this is a little bit of second sophistic for those of you who are into it now I've worked with this
passage with several students I'm just gonna give you a I'm just going to translate it very quickly because we
don't have a lot of time we all us face it right or attention let's go bring it
up what's going to happen you know the bites of the Viper and of other types of
snakes people say that you know we have curatives for this we have drugs for
this and I hear that these drugs are in two forms they're either Pata they're
either potions or they're they are things that you apply
as christing Kai epoo this so he goes on and he says hey you know the epodes and
by the way elen take it down for a minute who is this guy elen just for those of you who who who are interested
he's kind of he's writing a work on zoology yeah he's writing a Zoological
work and the good thing is is his sources which there are a ton of um we
don't necessarily have those surviving anywhere else right do you see people
for a second do you see how big it is do you see how big it
is we're not looking for that scrap we're not looking for the the scraps
look somebody threw away an old parchment it's got a scrap a scribble we're not looking for that we're looking
for the stuff that was in the libraries we're looking for the stuff that the people are working with right this is
elen you're dealing with a major thinker of the day and I know that most of you and you shouldn't most of you don't know
who he is yeah yeah so zoologist just thank
zoologist here now we're going to watch are you ready we're getting close we're talking about two types of drugs we're
talking about the drugs that you drink those are the pom right and then we're
talking about the drugs that youo that you Ino um that you apply otherwise and this
can mean to the eyes it's any other application that you are not swallowing if you there are those you
swallow and those you apply otherwise otherwise and mainlining and
when I say Mainline what do I mean historically some of you may absolutely
understand this and some of you may not but you are entering that
stream you are entering that stream you're finding that blood and pushing
into the blood that's mainlining yes oh God that's what Jesus
is doing doing it's what Jesus is doing and you say oh my God you're going to show me in
text in elen where Jesus I'm going to show you the Christ you cannot be Christ
without injecting it right into your
veins what yes linguistically it's gorgeous bring up the text again are you
ready let's keep reading it let's keep reading it he says what you know you can drink it or you can have it applied as
the Christ and he says there are incantations that are effective at kind
of mollifying or softening softening what tonon many of you see that line tonon
because you're working on the Greek and you know that's the toxin that they use with the aerop poisons when you take
this thing and you increase Center it when it enters
directly oh my God there is nothing
better right you've got to have a mollifying drug right and he's saying the epodes
help the incantations are part of it you ask yourself take it down for a second why are these people why are these
people going through incantations you see even straight up in Antiquity
straight up doctoring where the doctor somebody will have broken a limb and the doctor is is um repairing
the limb putting the uh bone back to try to set the bone and um while they're
doing it they are um
[Music] encanting singing a song while they're
doing it and the song helps them to reset yeah to reduce the the the break
isn't that great that's fantastic so the incantations are there and they help
when you've been christed I want you to put up that next Chey put up that next
Greek yeah I just want you to look at this verbo
Ando right look at notice at the top anoy what kind of Parts you g to anoint look at the second line of thalos the
eyes right we ain't talking about boy in a gym we are talking about sending
someone into the world of the Christ oh my God look at that look at
number two take down the Bible studies chewy look at number look at number two okay just just Roman numeral number two
look sting or prick wait a minute to In Christ something means to
prick yes yes poison injected by sting
number two at the very bottom to stick in and they give you the word for the
thorn boom you know what you can do you can put this stuff on a on a a
thorn you can put this stuff on a thorn and you can get it in you can in
Christ yourself you can in Christ yourself
isn't that fantastic oh my God elen what does he say well okay look we're not done with
the drugs yet in that quote just bring it up I'll go through it quickly because I know people got to run quickly let's
do it look at this um he says look it's okay he said he says it's okay to hate
something that you know these snakes that have this power to kill right to do
bad it's okay he says but there's something worse there's a beast that's
far worse and something you're not going to be able to to guard yourself against and that is the Goon
pharmakis the Goon pharmakis what is the I'm looking for
this woman like anthropologically right I mean I hate to go Ahad take it off I
hate to blow my cover but I'm just a transdimensional anthropologist and I'm looking for this
woman because she um is going to help me solve the case of why Jesus was arrested
in a public park with a naked kid yelling I'm not a sex
trafficker yes wow we're gonna find out you misspelled lece by the way nice nice
I had to get that little dig in there I'm sorry I can't I can't help it but if
you're going to be professional and refute bring the you know bring the professional yeah love it love
it let's go back to the text there's something even more
dangerous that goon that woman who is the pharmakis he says for example media
and Cersei right and why is that you can take it down he says why is that why is
that that snake is killing you with its bite that snake is killing
you with its bite it's drugs Boom direct
application he said 'you know what's even scarier than that the women who
have developed this science get this they can kill you with a
touch they can kill you with a touch now this isn't a mystery initiate devote
who's writing this it's not a priest right it's not someone who's
going to have some kind of Axe to grind this is oops sorry this
is a person who is writing about zoology and using sources that are
telling him oh this plant is that plant this animal is that animal yeah
fantastic this one's poisonous that one's the most poisonous he says that everybody knows the the Egyptian cobra
is the one that you can't that you can't stay away from right we our antidotes will work on all of them but that one
yeah isn't that neat how scientific if that doesn't turn turn you on
intellectually nothing will okay I want to give you a couple more texts um look people were asking
questions it be the next text um people were asking questions uh why is this
significant about um the Hebrew not
being there in the society um I just want to show you a
work this is of course brought to you by 1840s German classical philological
scholarship in leig something those people were smoking
something because the productivity was amazing and their Source workor
phenomenal Al phenomenal whatever those guys were doing wo gorgeous one of them
put together you know lives lives of different types of writers now he put it
together in eight books and each of the books is dedicated to one type of skill we have epic poetry
we have lyric poetry we have rhetoric
we have tragedy we have comedy yeah yeah and he talks about all the
famous people whose works you and I know because how are you
and I educated we're not from Florida yeah we were educated from tiny
tiny on Homer and other
poets that language when somebody comes to you and says I think this about the
New Testament or about the septu about the Bible when they do that ask them ask
them where does it come through Homer because that's the standard grammar if you're going to be in the
universe you better know Homer yeah love it that's why every classical just have to take a certain
amount of Homer yeah uhhuh fantastic so I'm not going to
throw you any curveballs guys we're still Dem not Monet we're not demonetized we've never been monetized
we're not trying to get monetized okay I have nothing to sell
you there's no merch I don't want I don't want any chats throwing
money right I appreciate the fact that everybody's got a voice and nobody has to attach money to it okay Fant
fantastic um hit us with the hit us with the next yeah bring that up there here here's just an example look nander he's
going to talk about nander and you know my God man there's in each of the field
there's a few famous people that we all recognize right and then he's just got
oodles and oodles and oodles of author after author after author after
author realize at the time there is no Hebrew it doesn't exist it is not a
literary language it has died and most of the people most of the people in
Palestine and Judea they don't care they don't care they love Greek just fine
thank you yeah it is always a religiously
zealous minority historically that will come along to
turn the situation to their political favor it was in the favor of that
religious minority to revive this dead corpse that
was classical Hebrew and again remember for those of you who want to travel I'm not talking about modern Hebrew modern
Hebrew is flourishing it's flourishing it's blossomed
somehow they brought life to the language in Israel yes and it's going to be happy
and healthy happy and health classical Hebrew oh my goodness it's a mummified
corpse it's oh God it's terrible it's
oh so um that's why I ask people the reason that you're not seeing in a
Hebrew during the time is it's dead nobody's writing in Hebrew even using
Greek in the synagogues right nobody's writing in Hebrew so what where are you going to go
with the uh um where are you going to go with your sources if you're going to be
um saying I'm expecting to find some kind of Hebrew link so that the language
can be holy the Bible can be correct and I can go to heaven or whatever yeah but that is the joke the
jok's on you there are professionals who laugh
at biblical scholarship so-called you know and the agenda that
it toes Julian the apostate was right nobody who's an atheist and by
atheist they were talking about any of the monists who were saying there are no
Gods but blank any of those atheists will corrupt
the system you cannot have have them teach what happens you get Florida you
get Dark Ages you get banned things and you get
people saying this can't be taught that can't be taught
right yeah sign of the times let's hit that text again I didn't want to take this long I'm sorry I value your time
and I want everybody to get goodies out of this so I've got a couple of more let me just hit you with a couple of more
keep going down here I just wanted you see here's a couple of names right who are these people right they're poets
right oh that's nice e poos that's that's an epic poet right here's this is
has anybody heard of iceon no you haven't right he's a famous epic poet
isn't that nice that's gorgeous let's go to the next one Ryan none of these so when you tell me you know Antiquity you
should be quiet because look here's three dionysus's oh my god did you know
these are sources no there's one of them one of them's from Byzantium one of them's from Corinth and the third one is
from mlini midin isn't that nice isn't that nice that's on the Island of Lesbos
that's on the Island of Lesbos my God man you want culture go to
a girl school in lesbos where you've got people like
safo we have no problem finding references to Sappo
quotes of Sappo did you know that did you know that we have no problem because
she has such a strong reputation we're not worried about our sources we have established text
people the Bible is written in Greek the whole thing we have established text we
have people quoting that Greek Old Testament we have them quoting it we
don't have them quoting Hebrew because the Hebrew is defunct it's
defunct yes look at all these authors give me the next give me the next look at all these authors here that I want to
introduce you oh look we ran across the sibles for those of you who are interested in the cibil right the cibil
is listed among the the classical authors yeah within her genre she's
using dactil hexamer too she's using a hexam too she belongs with the Epic
poets she belongs with them yes she's the she's the source of that dilic
hexameter yeah so it's sort of they belong to her but let's just see the Cil real quick what did that say I just
wanted to bring up about the syil they're talking that about the cad Delphia what did they call her what did
they call her Pro they called her araman
emus wait are you sure that it says that um
yeah it turns out that they're calling you can take it down that they're
calling people Gods try to grasp this for a minute break out of the fairy tale
and try to grasp the fact that there were people walking around in their civilization who were considered
addressed as and worshiped as gods
yeah yeah well that is amazing right that right there that's something when
you have been into the mystery and you have been through
that pharmacos seexual initiation you have seen her you have
seen lady Babylon and now you know why Lady Babylon is Enemy Number One of
Yahoo Enemy Number One have you have you ever thought about that why why in The
Apocalypse why is it the way that lady Babylon is is the
enemy why yeah yeah it's in the blood it's in
the blood if you want to be born again if if you want that in
christing it's going to have to come through the blood on a
thorn yeah oh I love it give me a little more give me a little more great can you give me a little more great let me just
throw throw at them a couple more things those are beautiful by the way JY thanks
fantastic yep anything there we go hey I I just want you to see here
that um this one Cil that is the caldian Cil he says her name is
SBE right now he says some people say that she is the ibraah right some people say that she is
the persis right and this is this is her real name of power though her real name
of power is SBE yes and she comes from that
Ginos of that Holy priest we all know as
Noah you say Noah no I said no way before before you were ever given to
Noah you had Noah the father of the
cibil yeah father of the Cil how long does she
live a better question would be does she die and who are all the people in
history who claim that she doesn't yeah are you
mainlining all right if you are mainlining that
logos you've got to get it you see why the Christians can't reach it why the
Orthodox uh Jews can't reach it why the Taliban throwing massed in the face of
little girls you know why they cannot reach that place because their
ancestors all worshiped Aphrodite and
bacas and they threw it away they threw it away for the sake of greed for the
sake of a possession for the sake of 70 virgins
they threw it all away you dishonor
Aphrodite you fundamentalists you dishonor Aphrodite
and you hate women as a result and how do I know that because I'm just talking
history man that's what happens it always goes that direction yeah when you
get rid of the element of Aphrodite within the cult you get religions that are
misogynistic Tada shouldn't be a surprise shouldn't be a surprise now you
can go the other direction too you get an Amazonian Queen you get an Amazonian Queen who um
perhaps is worshiped as a goddess yeah have you ever been let me just ask The
Sisterhood of frustration have you
ever been worshiped yeah yeah Special
dedication to my my nun friend in
Nazareth special dedication you saw you saw everything your eyes were
open and it was my pleasure to be able to give you that
fruit that's the power that's the power oh can you feel
it can you feel that okay throw in that last let's go quick the these people want they're like shut up I need dinner
um go uh yeah here more Cil stuff look more Cil stuff um great H look I just
want you guys to notice this caldian or Persian Cil right all of these sibles are following that structure that media
set up as the queen of Babylon did you see the tunnel she built a tunnel under
the river can you believe this and it's you know she had to to change the
direction of the river she had to waterproof everything they had to put up art designs oh my God it's absolutely
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous this is the most um this is the greatest gym
media let me just say this media is the greatest
undiscovered Treasure of humanity the greatest undiscovered
Treasure of humanity yeah you are the
product of her thoughts you are the product of her thoughts if you are a Christian and you
are sitting watching Billy Graham with your popcorn if you are in
church if you are going to your synagogue to your
mosque you are all Servants of the Mind of a bronze AG
woman your religions were created by
her they are Corruptions of what she
did this is this is gorgeous gorgeousness and gorgios go
to go to another one I hope you I hope you don't mind we didn't invite pho in because if we had Milo sitting here this
whole time you know what we'd be talking about yeah yeah wouldn't be
this let's go um yeah that's okay here's another Orpheus I want to show you look
there's Orphus one right this is the thran one go to the next one and look there's a bunch of other orases here
yeah did you even know like many of us many people here be honest with yourself you're studying these mystery religions
take it down you're studying these mystery religions right you want to know
that's that's what's driving us right you want to know so you can say what Jesus was doing with that naked kid you
want to know and right in the middle of all this you realize oh [__] I didn't
know there's more than one Orphus yeah it's just a name bro right and you mean these other ones
are poets too yeah right and nobody knows no look
we've got fragments from this is fantastic right Bible scholars they never touch this stuff why would they
never touch this stuff I don't know I'm asking genuinely
because I don't know it boggles my mind whenever I come across a Biblical scholar who has no
idea about anything outside of the New Testament I'm always shocked I'm like
can you claim really to be an expert in this language if all you've read is is one
thing out of thousands upon thousands upon thousands there's 400 pages of this text
that I'm showing you with these different authors different ancient authors there's 400 pages of it and there's two
to three per page two to three per page my god did
you know there was that many there's 500,000 copies 500,000 Scrolls in Alexandria
alone yeah don't think that there aren't books all over the place right if you
are wealthy in Antiquity in Rome you got Scrolls you got Scrolls you send your
kids to Athens why do you send them there it's for the Greek bro it's for the Greek
this Greek can open your brain not modern Greek modern Greek's been enslaved by the church yeah see what
happens people Julian was right we're going to lose it we're going to lose
everything 30% they told me in history it's got to be 30% and it kicks over go
for it a couple more and then we'll we'll oh here I just gave you yeah so D
hos I just want to give you this is interesting because who is this writer of epic poetry right he's got soar in
his name I just wanted you to see this got so ter in his name but um he's going to be talking about some pretty cool
stuff he's writing about the bards you know or you know otherwise called the
he's writing a diaka wait a minute what yes another you
said I thought there was only one no no there's multiple right all of a sudden do you
realize how small a view of antiquity you've been getting you mean there are other epics other than knowest about
dianis yep yeah you mean the epithets that
Jesus is using as Jesus Christ are all bakic
epithets yep you mean Hallelujah is a Greek
expression yep yeah yeah you see what you have to
do is you have to build you have to build your own Foundation if you don't have one if all you got sand you got to
build a foundation you got to put something make it work right you can't
just start on the sand right he's probably gonna sink anyway right go somewhere
else yeah take Philo with you
right Josephus was a liar he was an out andout
liar it's amazing people will believe anything if you write it down and of
course what are they all writing in Greek any who go go this is I'm sorry do
that do that I think it's too I think it's abusing the biblical Scholars too much can we get the excessive abusing
the biblical scholar sound do we have that anywhere chewy can you key that
up he's already dead yeah yeah exactly
right come come on man you got to feel bad for them all they've got is a text that's from a defunct language that
somebody propped up and shocked a couple times the battery and it twitched
right come on man I want to show you a woman I want to show you a woman and
this is in response this last little bit is going to be my response to Bart Man
my response to Bart Irma Bart you stepped in it you stepped in it Bart you
know you did did when you said this week
that people in Antiquity all thought that women were inferior to men they
were not finished creations and Bart you know what you've done Bart
right you've taken a 2,000 year period Bart with hundreds of
cultures and you smash them all together under the power of Aristotle and his
misogyny you smashed it all together and you did that Bart because I know what you did you wiggled out from the
generation the generation of Scholars who were saying women did nothing in the ancient
world they did nothing yeah they were
chattle they were chatt sorry sorry Bart but you know as
well as I do or maybe they don't teach teach you in biblical studies but you should know that a generalization like
that about Antiquity you never there's no generalization that you can prop up
right I can walk you over to the amazonians who are kicking the Athenians taals in battle and tell them hey what
do you [Laughter] think you could tell Med of that but she
wouldn't care because she's already sending out pythas all over the planet
yeah yeah you got them as far west as Britany they go beyond the
hisari beyond the hispes oh my God oh my God but that's
okay Bart Bart I know that you can't help it because there's a certain load of stin that you have to bear within the
discipline I get that um but that doesn't that that
doesn't mean that you aren't doing something that ah is disrespectful to
the Muse right classical philologists text that's what we are
right we work with the text we don't dig in the dirt we have to you have to a
certain amount but we don't dig in the dirt that we leave that to the archaeologist we dig through the text we
dig through the text I want to get you this woman bring bring her in finally somebody is this is this she that I was
looking for just a minute ago and you look at the top and the Greek students look at that HIPAA we're going to be
talking about hpaa she's one of the authors that um you know is mentioned
and in this in this uh source and I just want you to know um let's put it up
there I want to translate it for because oh yeah this is yeah she's the daughter the hpaa is the daughter of the
geometrician Theon yeah and um she was a
Phil uh sorry he's a philosopher in Alexandria and she too is was a philosopher yeah and famous was known by
many people yeah yeah yeah she was the wife no no sorry um um she grew to her
Acme oh isn't that nice isn't that nice she grew to her Acme in the um kingship
of uh aradius okay cool and what does she do she wrote WR a notes she wrote a notes
or a synopsis of the um the these mathematical works of Dianes okay cool
cool cool and some something on astronomican yeah something about
astronomy yeah and also appollonia right appollonia she wrote a she wrote again
some notes on that and what did she do she was killed by the alexandrians and
her body right was gross L maltreated caught up spread through the
city yeah and she suffered this he says D she suffered this
why Thon you atheists won't understand this Thon give me the next give me the
Greek for thonon yeah what is it ill will or
malice yeah a little bit of jealousy little bit of jealousy little bit of
grudging feeling why why did they Grudge this woman what did what what could she
possibly begrudge them bring it back up well it's because of her wisdom most
especially you know because of the her incredible astronomical knowledge take it
down what a bunch of dogs what a bunch
of I can't even say I love dogs too much yeah I don't know what kind of animal um
acts that way I don't but I do know that that animal is traditionally carrying a
cross or an eight-pointed star or a crescent moon and usually
somebody's getting enslaved in the process and is typically
women those Sisterhood of the frustration I know you I know where you
are yeah yeah HIPAA what beauty right you notice I
didn't read to you there's descriptions of her and how she looked and all that
stuff right but what was beautiful about HIPAA is that her understanding of the
cosmos MOS was so Superior that it made people hate her
for it people who followed Yahoo you when you take a polytheistic
society in which Justice
thrives when you take that society and give a third of the people
power over everyone else that third can turn that Society upside down
they don't have to be a majority and that's exactly what the Christians
did and with the Christians having taken over the Romans right having taken over the
Empire and having um um mismanaged it so poorly that it was falling apart yeah
yeah more additional Wars nice good job um having done all of that there had to
be built some kind of facade of scholarship and that scholarship came through the mauretic sect which
provided that source that we didn't have it finally
solidified that this language is the language of God yeah yeah that's how history's built
and that's where you are but we're going back to that original um tonight I had a couple I think I had one or two more
things but I wanted you to I wanted you to see I wanted us to end um with the
resurrection of that vampire that bodair is talking about yeah she that bodair
who bodair is talking about yeah um these are the texts
people if you would like to refute if you would like to
critique um or as some of the comment said um to debunk if you would like to
debunk any of those texts feel free have at it yeah go ahead but if you noticed
tonight guys all I did all I did was bring you tags this is what Bible studies will die
from when classicists stand up Master those texts and bring you the beauty
yeah yeah that's the way we we build that museum we build that museum thank
you guys for giving me so much time tonight I'm not going to not going to take any more of your time it's an
honor hell [Music] Satan that us all
in fences created by such evil men then
we could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together [Music] again